[Music]
well have you tried talking to her have
you ever tried talking to a woman
especially one that's pissed off at you
yeah Jesus I think we should try it
we're just we're gonna pay to invite a
complete stranger into our lives it's
the best way to begin is for you to tell
me a little bit about why you're here if
happiness is out there I just really
want it you can kiss goodbye the idea
that there's someone out there is gonna
make it all better are you not aware
that your husband is an exceedingly
attractive man do you want to know the
secret to divorce yes yes I do you may
need to even the score
Judy small thinks that I should have an
affair
[Music]
oops
because he just forget how much the one
means to you
[Music]
go ahead tell me what do you think I
don't trust people who wear scarves
[Music]
[Applause]
boruto
you have changed my life have you seen
the details Marklin looks like the
truest form of a Kennedy yeah my minute
we're all working at Tiki to the next
minute he's famous I am obsessed like it
what's uh-huh Thank You Can I grab you
for a good shot
well no just Marklin just get married
I'm not taking his money Elizabeth it's
not taking money when you're married
it's called sharing to bed together is
tricky the partnership for God's sake
look these past three weeks getting to
know you have been amazing and something
that I oh you're making me nervous
I'm homeless I'm sorry what now
Haley he's a child you just meet up with
his whole life you're so smart you are
moving into some very serious territory
right now just interruptions or home or
house you documenting every single
moment this is work it's my job I just
wish we could go back to the way things
were simpler also confusing I don't want
them to find my body someday under a
pile of New Yorker magazines and cat
hair and takeout containers it's
official how much is one of these go for
oh my god thousand don't you just paint
one keep it for yourself and then you so
yeah then it would be by me not by
Arabella brewer Ravello
they are so bold I shouldn't ask me
something
Adam painted mostly everything in there
that's funny good when you don't need it
to get it and then when you need it you
don't get it
love's crazy
[Music]
how are things not the looking after the
girls and Peter's always tied up with
something I think he's cheating on me
[Music]
we need more whiners yeah
penny you want me to kill your husband
no one would suspect you money isn't a
problem
[Music]
how much were you prepared to pay let's
go outside in advance I'll be in touch
about dates and all that are you alright
where will you be staying my dears I
just want to know where you are
[Music]
oh this is insane we have to continue
with our plan
[Music]
there you are
can't let go of that feeling the NDA
you know nothing sometimes I wish my
family died in a house fire
except for me you know and then everyone
put money in the fund for poor babies
Susan great yeah is there anything else
game art should know about you before we
conclude this interview I'm very
creative and I could do percentages in
my head I see you left the box unchecked
for have you ever been convicted of a
crime and turn your father could never
keep a job
[Music]
hey Susan want to hear a joke and count
I'm late from work are you working out
kind of all around you know party
planning you know like that you kicked
me on my apartment by Katie like 9:00
morning what are you looking to guess I
just did it 20,000 fellow whoa whoa this
is in place only you're supposed to use
gloves when scooping ice
I was just wondering if I could stay
with you what's wrong with I'm sorry we
got distracted him next thing I know I'm
banging into the back here
you work here I own oh my god just give
me what I've been waiting for someone to
take care of me for a change
can I borrow your Spanx for tonight no
the boys made I'm asked out of them
we're all going on a trip we're taking
you to Niagara Falls my vision board
you're not going oh yes sweetie I got
you here's some Krazy Glue oh yeah I go
crazy
okay honey go ahead and try on something
right don't be such a prude
well they she ain't pregnant are you
honey class this is Margo Richmond all
the way from Kansas City well ain't no
stinky droll hello Mike do it Maggie are
you okay what are y'all doing in lakita
my daddy takes pictures for Life
magazine you might have even seen the
picture he did for Marilyn Marilyn
Monroe well who else
[Music]
who's Maggie my friend you wish people
would like you I don't care if people
are me it's a matter of faith she
changed my hair I'm still single I
always lost I'm gonna be with you the
whole time
iris tearful horn is that you I've never
seen you all dolled up I hardly
recognized you you look beautiful
you came
hey iris that gorgeous Bolivia said
thank you I know why don't you say hey
back because I might throw up
thank you we know you're new but it is
essential you stay away from iris -
you're bored something's wrong I know it
could always tell in your lie I'm not
lying honey you think this girl is your
friend come on what's wrong with you
what is wrong with me
[Music]
[Applause]
you're the only girl in this town who's
not phone
[Music]
or the scientist I hear I am a Jared the
skipper this is Freya the real boss what
is your work while you're on board
I identify and extrapolate patterns from
variations and deep-sea behavior only
need to photograph your Koch
[Music]
sometimes wrong
what is that how long to leave through
the ball
since I quote
[Music]
it went into the water we're all
vulnerable to get infected
because ooh
I want you to test all of us those
things will spread really fast
we need to quarantine ourselves
port tonight you don't understand
thank you
as man to see says he knows you from
years ago talking about your brother
your mama who are you you look just like
another how do you know my mum I've
never seen you before in my life I
really need to talk you should have come
back too many things happen in this
house in the past you are no way I
wanted to be happy that bastard's
bringing shame they'd like to both of us
I'm only back to put my past to rest to
close this chapter don't forget your
brothers alive Isaac died a few days
after birth you have to tell him we had
a deal
he's dead she's getting in your head she
is making her crazy get rid of her
yeah
[Music]
think how are they even letting you
teach I've a master's from the best MFA
program in the country it's high school
yeah and those that can't do emotion
come on there's no shame in it let's use
Valencia
can you get that phone please mercy
complain about us not participating
quick large don't play just give me the
lights and then bring it up here mark it
is not your fault okay
it's the first year the students must be
coming up with the questions the
criteria and most importantly they must
be leading the conversation where's the
teacher on all of this the teacher mr.
Harrison is supposed to be guiding the
discussion by asking metacognitive
questions that promote critical thinking
okay class you have two minutes to
complete the do now it's on the board
listen up you guys listen up okay on the
board you have just a couple of minutes
of course I talked to them what are you
saying well to be honest I have to tell
Chanel to put her makeup away and
Jermaine to stop messing around with the
chairs
Mikayla just sleeps in my class can't
talk to him alright thanks you guys
don't forget to do your homework don't
forget to suck my dick I'm getting
complaints complaints from students of
yours they're not motivated well if your
kids aren't motivated it's because
you're not motivating them I have a
master's from the school of the Art
Institute of Chicago I'm not saying you
don't know your craft okay I'm just
saying you don't know how to teach it's
really quite simple you group the
students with differentiation in mind
and have them use their student develop
criteria to evaluate their work using
higher order questions I've never failed
in anything before in my life this is
high school it should be simple
unfortunately an observation report like
this puts your position in jeopardy they
don't want to learn then let me ask you
this question why do they come to school
beats the out of me
nobody prepared me for this my student
teaching was a joke I learned just like
everybody else does in the United States
public education system trial by fire oh
I can't quit now hang on if all else
fails become a gym teacher
[Music]
I'm a cockatiel additional characters
will be the magazine
quite a visa Roberto can score again a
fellowship ancestor kaibacorp a
beautiful finger t-shirt when i a
commercial potential
[Music]
a kid with a nose is a sign a boy in
your registration of a personal video
reason you never pick a bolo pyramidion
contradicts it but is all this one now
ladies at the monopod
okay Tomica navona to make a bold budget
me Union and president weighs upon my
Amash tow vehicle holla holla holla
[Music]
yeah